Android Developer
Who we are
E-vest is a brand new automated investment business being launched in the UK and based in Wilmslow. With seven-figure venture capital backing and significant financial services expertise in the management team, E-vest will challenge the current ineffectiveness of the industry. The focus will be on delivering low-cost, simple investment solutions to a public who are currently bombarded with expensive and complicated products.  The CEO of the business has a track-record of building financial services business and recognises the opportunities that exist and the target market of the millennials who are used to a new way of buying.  
As a new business breaking in to a burgeoning market we have the opportunity to create something special and make our mark on the landscape.  We are committed to not only developing the best possible product, but getting there in the best possible way, and we’re looking for people with the right skills and attitude to make that happen.  Our development covers a variety of technologies and languages, choosing the best solution for each modular piece of the software. 
What we want from you
This role is for a Mobile Developer focussing on Android. What that means to us is someone with an interest in mobile technologies and enabling high quality user experiences, working alongside our team of developers and our designer.  You should be able to clearly explain important concepts to the team, to both technical and non-technical audience, and reason through your opinions.  You should have experience of, and opinions about, the latest technology practices.
You will be laying the groundwork for a product that will constantly be evolving, and you have the opportunity here to be a key voice from the beginning. Key to success will be the ability to work in a highly agile environment collaborating daily with both technical and commercial colleagues, to think innovatively and challenge convention and to enjoy being part of a closely knit team of like-minded individuals. You will be genuinely passionate about technology and enjoy the challenge of building exciting and innovative new mobile experiences.
What we’ll bring
As part of a new business, there will be plenty of challenges and opportunities for the right person. We believe that creating an enjoyable and rewarding work environment is the only way to achieve our goals. Being a tight knit group, also means supporting each other and celebrating our successes together.  In addition to the following, you will also be given access to all the best tools and equipment that you need to excel.
+Basic salary up to £45k per annum 			+5% pension contribution 
+Bonus up to 10% of basic salary				+25 days holiday per annum 
+Flexible working arrangements 
What to do
If you think you have what it takes, and you're looking for the next adventure in your career, send us a short cover letter, along with your CV.  Do include some examples of your work. Visible projects you’ve been involved in or personal projects are great, we want to see your passion for what you do. If you are vocal on any technical platforms/social media (stack overflow etc.), we want to see that.  We want people who can really bring something to the table and help forge our product and the company.    
We will review your application within a week and get back to you regarding a phone interview. The phone interview isn’t a pop quiz, we’ll just be trying to learn a bit more about you and your experience. 
The final stage will be face to face and we’ll get a bit more involved technically, this is your chance to show us what you’ve got.   
